Location Manager Simulation (#1820)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: CHANGELOG.md

> ## master

Reviewer: You’ll probably want to rebase onto master, because the changelog entries need to go in a new master section, not v0.24.0.

> * Fixed issue where a released reference that was kept in `CLLocationManager` as `unowned` could cause crash. ([#1820](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/1820))

Reviewer: The dangling reference was in SDK code; mentioning it in the changelog entry makes it sound to the developer like the crash would occur when application code had a dangling reference.

```suggestion
* Fixed a crash during turn-by-turn navigation. ([#1820](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/1820))
```

> * Replacing `performSelector:afterDelay:` mechanism that was [causing a crash](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/issues/1662) with a DispatchTimerSource-based mechanism. ([#1820](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/1820))

Reviewer: Similarly, this is a purely internal change. If we expect any reliability or stability improvements to result from this change, we can mention those improvements here; otherwise, the change isn’t actionable to the developer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Replaces the `SimulatedLocationManager` timer mechanism with a `DispatchTimerSource`-based mechanism ([#1820](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/1820)), which fixes a crash that was caused by retaining the `SimulatedLocationManager` while it still had a dangling reference to its delegate (https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/issues/1662)
```

Reviewer: I think the line above (as amended) adequately describes the developer impact of this PR. This PR’s description is the place to provide details about the crash’s root cause and the fix’s implementation.
